README.md, before:

# 🍽️ SufraSyncAPI - Restaurant Management System

A comprehensive RESTful API for restaurant order and inventory management built with ASP.NET Core 10. Features JWT authentication, role-based authorization, transactional order processing with automatic inventory tracking, and shopping cart functionality.

[![.NET](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-10.0-512BD4?logo=dotnet)](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/)
[![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-12.0-239120?logo=c-sharp)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/)
[![SQL Server](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL_Server-LocalDB-CC2927?logo=microsoft-sql-server)](https://www.microsoft.com/sql-server)



<img width="1539" height="1222" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-27 115011" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b058a19f-b219-4c25-a830-8a78a510c6bc" />
<img width="1604" height="966" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-27 115027" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4cb22123-7839-4ac6-b219-3d13f61d2bb6" />


## ✨ Features

### 🔐 Authentication & Authorization
- JWT-based authentication with ASP.NET Core Identity
- Role-based access control (Admin & User roles)
- Secure password hashing and token generation
- Claims-based authorization

### 🛒 Shopping Cart
- Persistent user cart sessions
- Add, update, and remove cart items
- Real-time price calculations
- Clear cart functionality

### 📦 Order Management
- **Transactional order processing** with automatic rollback on failure
- Real-time ingredient stock deduction
- Order status workflow (Pending → Preparing → Ready → Delivered → Cancelled)
- User-specific order history
- Admin order oversight

### 🍔 Product & Inventory Management
- Product catalog with categories
- Many-to-many product-ingredient relationships (recipe management)
- Ingredient stock tracking with unit of measurement (kg, pcs, etc.)
- Admin-only CRUD operations
- Automatic stock validation during order placement

### 📊 Business Logic
- Inventory deduction on order creation
- Concurrent order handling with database transactions
- Stock availability validation
- Dynamic price calculation
- Order cancellation with authorization checks



- GitHub: [@kurokoxl](https://github.com/kurokoxl)
- LinkedIn: [@Youssef Abdelazim](https://www.linkedin.com/in/youssef-abdelazim-9b6a8325b/)
---


*Last Updated: November 2025*

Commit message:

Enhance README with ingredient inventory management details
Added a special feature description for ingredient inventory management and updated formatting.

README.md, after:

# 🍽️ SufraSyncAPI - Restaurant Management System

 API for restaurant order and inventory management built with ASP.NET Core 10. Features JWT authentication, role-based authorization, transactional order processing with automatic inventory tracking, and shopping cart functionality.
 The special feature of this project is that it manages the restaurant's ingredient inventory and checks the availability of ingredients in stock before accepting an order.

[![.NET](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-10.0-512BD4?logo=dotnet)](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/)
[![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-12.0-239120?logo=c-sharp)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/)
[![SQL Server](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL_Server-LocalDB-CC2927?logo=microsoft-sql-server)](https://www.microsoft.com/sql-server)



<img width="1539" height="1222" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-27 115011" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b058a19f-b219-4c25-a830-8a78a510c6bc" />
<img width="1604" height="966" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-27 115027" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4cb22123-7839-4ac6-b219-3d13f61d2bb6" />


## ✨ Features

### 🔐 Authentication & Authorization
- JWT-based authentication with ASP.NET Core Identity
- Role-based access control (Admin & User roles)
- Secure password hashing and token generation
- Claims-based authorization

### 🛒 Shopping Cart
- Persistent user cart sessions
- Add, update, and remove cart items
- Real-time price calculations
- Clear cart functionality

### 📦 Order Management
- **Transactional order processing** with automatic rollback on failure
- Real-time ingredient stock deduction
- Order status workflow (Pending → Preparing → Ready → Delivered → Cancelled)
- User-specific order history
- Admin order oversight

### 🍔 Product & Inventory Management
- Product catalog with categories
- Many-to-many product-ingredient relationships (recipe management)
- Ingredient stock tracking with unit of measurement (kg, pcs, etc.)
- Admin-only CRUD operations
- Automatic stock validation during order placement

### 📊 Business Logic
- Inventory deduction on order creation
- Concurrent order handling with database transactions
- Stock availability validation
- Dynamic price calculation
- Order cancellation with authorization checks



- GitHub: [@kurokoxl](https://github.com/kurokoxl)
- LinkedIn: [@Youssef Abdelazim](https://www.linkedin.com/in/youssef-abdelazim-9b6a8325b/)
---


*Last Updated: November 2025*
